FF113 RTCPeerConnectionStats - add docs (#26661)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcpeerconnectionstats/type/index.md

---
title: "RTCPeerConnectionStats: type property"
short-title: type
slug: Web/API/RTCPeerConnectionStats/type
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.RTCStatsReport.type_peer-connection.type
---

{{APIRef("WebRTC")}}

> The {{domxref("RTCPeerConnectionStats")}} dictionary's property **`type`** is a string with value `peer-connection`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`type`** property of the {{domxref("RTCPeerConnectionStats")}} dictionary is a string with the value `"peer-connection"`.
```

Author: OK. with the unnecessary markers to indicate it is a string after I have just said so it will be :-)

> The type of `peer-connection` identifies the type of statistics as {{domxref("RTCPeerConnectionStats")}} when iterating the {{domxref("RTCStatsReport")}} returned by {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection.getStats()")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of `"peer-connection"` identifies that this is a {{domxref("RTCPeerConnectionStats")}} instance. You can use it to retrieve the peer connection stats from a {{domxref("RTCStatsReport")}} returned by a call to {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection.getStats()")}}.
```

Author: > The value of `"peer-connection"` identifies that this is a {{domxref("RTCPeerConnectionStats")}} instance.

@wbamberg Except it isn't. Its still a `RTCStatsReport` iterator that now includes the values of the `RTCPeerConnectionStats`. Perhaps it is more obvious now why using dictionaries here seemed so unhelpful.

I'm happy to lie here if you are still OK with your words?

Author: How about we fully spell it out ... ?

```suggestion
Different statistics are obtained by iterating the {{domxref("RTCStatsReport")}} object returned by a call to {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection.getStats()")}}.
The type indicates a particular grouping of statistics available through the object in a particular iteration step.
A value of `"peer-connection"` indicates that the statistics in the current iteration are those defined in {{domxref("RTCPeerConnectionStats")}}.
```

Reviewer: > > The value of `"peer-connection"` identifies that this is a {{domxref("RTCPeerConnectionStats")}} instance.
> 
> @wbamberg Except it isn't. Its still a `RTCStatsReport` iterator that now includes the values of the `RTCPeerConnectionStats`.

I'm reluctant to keep on at this, but I don't understand this. Here we're talking about a page for the `RTCPeerConnectionStats` dictionary. It has a `type` member that is defined in the base class `RTCStats`. For an `RTCPeerConnectionStats` it's always `peer-connection`. So if I have an object that I know is a subclass of `RTCStats`, I can use its `type` member to figure out which subclass it is.

Isn't that exactly what is happening in the [example code](https://w3c.github.io/webrtc-pc/#getstats-example):

```js
    const currentReport = await sender.getStats();

    // compare the elements from the current report with the baseline
    for (const now of currentReport.values()) {
      if (now.type != 'outbound-rtp') continue;

      // get the corresponding stats from the baseline report
      const base = baselineReport.get(now.id);
      if (!base) continue;

      const remoteNow = currentReport.get(now.remoteId);
...
```

So we get an `RTCStatsReport` from `getStats()`. It's a map. We get its values as an array by calling `values()`, then iterate that. This array contains `RTCStats`-derived objects. The line `if (now.type != 'outbound-rtp') continue;` is telling us we're looking at a `RTCOutboundRtpStreamStats` object, which means we know it will have members like `remoteId`.

So how it is **not** true that: if an `RTCStats`-derived object has a `type` of `"peer-connection"`, then that object is an `RTCOutboundRtpStreamStats` instance?

Author: You are right and I am wrong.

## Value

> A string which with value `peer-connection`.

Author: ```suggestion
A string with the value `peer-connection`.
```

> A string with the value `peer-connection`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string with the value `"peer-connection"`.
```
